1) Monolithic applications and microservices:

* Example of a monolithic application with tightly coupled components
Applications are made of multiple components. The components communicate with each other 
to transmit data, fulfill requests, and keep the application running. 
            
         Suppose that you have an application with tightly coupled components. These components might
 include databases, servers, the user interface, business logic, and so on. This type of 
architecture can be considered a monolithic application. 

2) Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS):
 is a publish/subscribe service. Using Amazon SNS topics, a publisher publishes messages 
to subscribers. This is similar to the coffee shop; the cashier provides coffee orders to
 the barista who makes the drinks.

3)Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS):
* Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) is a message queuing service. 

* Using Amazon SQS, you can send, store, and receive messages between software components, 
without losing messages or requiring other services to be available. 

* In Amazon SQS, an application sends messages into a queue. A user or service retrieves a message
 from the queue, processes it, and then deletes it from the queue.

AWS Lambda:

* AWS Lambda is a service that lets you run code without needing to provision or manage servers. 

* While using AWS Lambda, you pay only for the compute time that you consume. 
Charges apply only when your code is running. You can also run code for virtually any 
type of application or backend service, all with zero administration. 

Containers:

* Containers provide you with a standard way to package your application's code and 
dependencies into a single object. You can also use containers for processes and workflows in which
 there are essential requirements for security, reliability, and scalability

Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS):
 is a highly scalable, high-performance container management system that enables you to run 
and scale containerized applications on AWS. 

Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS): 
is a fully managed service that you can use to run Kubernetes on AWS. 

* Kubernetes is open-source software that enables you to deploy and manage containerized 
applications at scale. A large community of volunteers maintains Kubernetes, and AWS actively 
works together with the Kubernetes community. As new features and functionalities release for 
Kubernetes applications, you can easily apply these updates to your applications managed by Amazon EKS.

AWS Fargate :
is a serverless compute engine for containers. It works with both Amazon ECS and Amazon EKS. 